README.md, before:

# <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cjtu/spirl/master/spirl/images/logo/logo_spirl.png" height=25/> Scientific Programming In Real Life

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/203523815.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/203523815)

Scientific Programming In Real Life (SPIRL) is an introduction to core concepts for scientists to get started with programming in Python, scripting in bash, and version control with Git. The open source textbook is free and available at [cjtu.github.io/spirl](https://cjtu.github.io/spirl).

## The textbook

The SPIRL textbook is a [Jupyter Book](https://jupyterbook.org/intro.html) that provides tutorials, and interactive code blocks to help teach practical programming concepts. For more info on how the textbook was made and to get your own template, check out [Jupyterbook](https://jupyter.org/jupyter-book/intro.html).

## The course

The SPIRL textbook supports a scientific programming short course run at Northern Arizona University. The schedule for the course can be found on the home page [here](https://cjtu.github.io/spirl).

## Reporting errors / typos

If you find errors or typos in the text, check the [GitHub issue board](https://github.com/cjtu/spirl/issues). If your suggestion hasn't yet been posted, please consider opening a new issue to let us know! We love getting feedback and will get to it as soon as we can.

## Contributing

Have new concepts to add? Want to help fix some typos? Have a cool tutorial to contribute? SPIRL is open for contributions from the community! A good place to start would be to check out the [contributing guide](https://github.com/cjtu/spirl/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Comment on an existing [issue](https://github.com/cjtu/spirl/issues) if you'd like to work on it, open a new issue if you have a new idea, or email Christian at cj.taiudovicic@gmail.com for help getting started contributing.

## License

This course and textbook are free and open source under the BSD 3-Clause license. It provides no warranties and all materials are free and available to use, re-mix and distribute with attribution and are free to use and redistribute with citation. Cite SPIRL [here](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/203523815) or see the full license [here](https://github.com/cjtu/spirl/blob/master/LICENCE.md).

## Supporting

SPIRL will always be **free** and **open source**. If you'd like to support it, consider *sharing SPIRL with friends or peers* who you think would find it useful. If you can spare the time, you can support this project by contributing (see above). If you *use any of the code or concepts in an article / lesson / publication* (please feel free to!), you can **cite SPIRL** [here](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/203523815). If you'd like to support SPIRL by buying me a coffee, you can also do that by clicking the link [here](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/cjtu):

Commit message:

Update SPIRL for Fall 2021 course

README.md, after:

# <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cjtu/spirl/master/spirl/images/logo/logo_spirl.png" height=25/> Scientific Programming In Real Life

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/203523815.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/203523815)
[![Jupyter Book Badge](https://jupyterbook.org/badge.svg)](https://jupyterbook.org)

Scientific Programming In Real Life (SPIRL) is an introduction to core concepts for scientists to get started with programming in Python, scripting in bash, and version control with Git. The open source textbook is free and available at [cjtu.github.io/spirl](https://cjtu.github.io/spirl).

## The textbook

The SPIRL textbook is a [Jupyter Book](https://jupyterbook.org/intro.html) that provides tutorials, and interactive code blocks to help teach practical programming concepts. For more info on how the textbook was made and to get your own template, check out [Jupyterbook](https://jupyter.org/jupyter-book/intro.html).

## The course

The SPIRL textbook supports a scientific programming short course run at Northern Arizona University. The syllabus for the Fall 2021 edition course can be found [here](https://cjtu.github.io/spirl/f21_about.html).

## Reporting errors / typos

If you find errors or typos in the text, check the [GitHub issue board](https://github.com/cjtu/spirl/issues). If your suggestion hasn't yet been posted, please consider opening a new issue to let us know! We love getting feedback and will get to it as soon as we can.

## Contributing

Have new concepts to add? Want to help fix some typos? Have a cool tutorial to contribute? SPIRL is open for contributions from the community! A good place to start would be to check out the [contributing guide](https://github.com/cjtu/spirl/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Comment on an existing [issue](https://github.com/cjtu/spirl/issues) if you'd like to work on it, open a new issue if you have a new idea, or email Christian at cj.taiudovicic@gmail.com for help getting started contributing.

## License

This course and textbook are free and open source under the BSD 3-Clause license. It provides no warranties and all materials are free and available to use, re-mix and distribute with attribution and are free to use and redistribute with citation. Cite SPIRL [here](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/203523815) or see the full license [here](https://github.com/cjtu/spirl/blob/master/LICENCE.md).

## Supporting

SPIRL will always be **free** and **open source**. If you'd like to support it, consider *sharing SPIRL with friends or peers* who you think would find it useful. If you can spare the time, you can support this project by contributing (see above). If you *use any of the code or concepts in an article / lesson / publication* (please feel free to!), you can **cite SPIRL** [here](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/203523815). If you'd like to support SPIRL by buying me a coffee, you can also do that by clicking the link [here](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/cjtu):
